refactor: use pathlib internally (#1424)
canonical/craft-parts: docs/reference/changelog.rst

  All plugin groups should contain at least the plugins from the :py:data:`craft_parts.plugins.PluginGroup.MINIMAL` group.
- A new :ref:`craft_parts_ruby_plugin` allows convenient building of Ruby projects, including bundling Ruby interpreters.
- The ``uv`` plugin now compiles Python bytecode. Use ``UV_COMPILE_BYTECODE=0`` to disable this feature.

> - The craft-part now uses pathlib.Path internally and in its external API.

Author: Thank you!

  All plugin groups should contain at least the plugins from the :py:data:`craft_parts.plugins.PluginGroup.MINIMAL` group.
- A new :ref:`craft_parts_ruby_plugin` allows convenient building of Ruby projects, including bundling Ruby interpreters.
- The ``uv`` plugin now compiles Python bytecode. Use ``UV_COMPILE_BYTECODE=0`` to disable this feature.
- Switched to the `pathlib module
  <https://docs.python.org/3/library/pathlib.html>`_ internally and in the API, resulting in a more explicit typing, with

>   pathlib.Path instead of str for all file system related operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For explicit typing of file system operations, switch to the `pathlib module
  <https://docs.python.org/3/library/pathlib.html>`__. All uses of ``str`` for paths are
  replaced with ``pathlib.Path``. In the public APIs, this change only impacts the
  ``files`` and ``directories`` variables of the ``MigrationState`` class.
```
